>> Jem: Step one is to get the IP address
of the VPS that you just bought, so
the VPS of course is your server and
you have an IP address.
If you don't know what the IP address is,
it's the thing you SSHed into, so
it was SSH your username@IP address.
And we're gonna add two
A records to our IP address and
I'll explain what A records are and
C names in a second.
So my VPS, the IP address was this.
So I am just going to copy and paste that.
And then, I'm gonna go here under Type,
I'm gonna put A Record.
Put 1 for host, leave it at www.
>> Jem: And the other A record,
the @ symbol.
>> Jem: I think I'm doing that correctly.
Let me double-check my own slides.
Yes.
>> Jem: So these are the records for
jemyoung.com.
>> Jem: But
for Jem, Jem the party it is,
looks something like this.
The, see if I can make
this a little bigger,
there we go.
>> Jem: Okay and
the TTL looks good,
I am gonna hit save all changes.
>> Jem: Nice.
I like GameCube,
they have a very nice UI here.
So the host is just means that when I
got to dubdubdub.gem.party,
it's going to resolve to this IP address.
But putting the @ means
I don't need the www,
I can just go jem.party and it'll
still resolve to the same IP address.
That's what the two A records mean.
>> Jem: Yes?
>> Speaker 2: So what if like when I
got my DNS server,
it already has IP addresses?
Like it pre-populated them, other ones.
So I guess, I don't know why it has two or
three IP addresses.
It gave me two at IP addresses and
I just cut and pasted my one for
my server.
>> Jem: Clear those out,
just use the one for your server.
I guess it automatically parks
some domains there for you.
>> Speaker 2: So did you just edit?
Cuz when it first showed up it has a CNAME
Record and then a URL Redirect Record,
did you just change those to be A Records?
>> Jem: Correct.
>> Speaker 2: Okay, cool.
>> Jem: Yeah, just in the drop down here?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, I just wanted to make
sure I was on the right page.
And then we just use the IP from
our server?
>> Jem: Exactly.
>> Speaker 2: All right.
Cool. >> Jem: Well it [INAUDIBLE] Cool,
good question though.
Okay, thumbs up everybody.
Good.
There's a question, Mangum M.
It says wait to delete the URL,
redirect record and CNAME record?
I did.
We're only gonna use A Records
in this particular instance,
we don't need the CNAME.
And I'll explain what those are as
soon as we're all same page.
Cool?
So I'm just gonna try it now see if
>> Jem: Cool and that's good.
That means at least it is resolving
something and Centurylink or
whoever the ISP is not
intercepting that request anymore.
All right
>> Speaker 2: Does
it take a little while for
those to go through once you change it?
>> Jem: It does, it does.
It can take a few minutes or a day.
So if it doesn't immediately resolve
today, it's not the end of the world.
It would be hopefully by the end of class,
you'll be able to type your domain and
it'll hit your server.
But if not we can just use our IP address,
it's not catastrophic.